el8 documentation updates for 10.5 (#1764)
ubccr/xdmod: docs/upgrade.md

Open XDMoD 10.5.0 is a major release that includes new features along with many
enhancements and bug fixes.

You may upgrade directly from 10.0.X.

Included in these new features is official support for a new operating system, Rocky 8. This will allow organizations
to migrate their XDMoD installations from the soon-to-be end-of-life CentOS 7 to a currently supported OS. The officially
recommended process of migrating from a CentOS 7 XDMoD 10.0.X installation to an Rocky 8 XDMoD 10.5 installation is as follows:
- Update the CentOS 7 XDMoD 10.0.X installation to XDMoD 10.5
- Install a fresh copy of XDMoD 10.5 on a new Rocky 8 server.
- Copy contents of `/etc/xdmod` from CentOS 7 to the Rocky 8 server.
  - Adjust database connection properties as appropriate.

> - Export the database from the CentOS 7 installation and transfer the files to the Rocky 8 server.

Reviewer: Should we recommend how to export the database?

Author: I could certainly provide an example, but as the exporting of a db isn't specific to XDMoD I'd rather not be prescriptive with how to go about it ( also there's multiple ways of exporting a db ).

> Included in these new features is official support for a new operating system, Rocky 8. This will allow organizations
> to migrate their XDMoD installations from the soon-to-be end-of-life CentOS 7 to a currently supported OS. The officially
> recommended process of migrating from a CentOS 7 XDMoD 10.0.X installation to an Rocky 8 XDMoD 10.5 installation is as follows:
> - Update the CentOS 7 XDMoD 10.0.X installation to XDMoD 10.5
> - Install a fresh copy of XDMoD 10.5 on a new Rocky 8 server.
> - Copy contents of `/etc/xdmod` from CentOS 7 to the Rocky 8 server.
>   - Adjust database connection properties as appropriate.
> - Export the database from the CentOS 7 installation and transfer the files to the Rocky 8 server.
> - Import the CentOS 7 exported database files into the Rocky 8 servers database.
> - Ensure that you have added the `sql_mode=` line to the Rocky 8 database server configuration.
> - Restart the web server / database on the Rocky 8 server and confirm that everything is working as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Included in these new features is official support for the Rocky 8 operating system. This will allow organizations
to migrate their XDMoD installations from the soon-to-be end-of-life CentOS 7 to a currently supported OS. The officially
recommended process of migrating from a CentOS 7 XDMoD 10.0.X installation to an Rocky 8 XDMoD 10.5 installation is as follows:
1. Update the CentOS 7 XDMoD 10.0.X installation to XDMoD 10.5
1. Install a fresh copy of XDMoD 10.5 on a new Rocky 8 server.
1. Copy the contents of `/etc/xdmod` from the CentOS 7 server to the Rocky 8 server.
    1. Adjust database connection properties as appropriate.
1. Export the database from the CentOS 7 installation and transfer the files to the Rocky 8 server.
1. Import the CentOS 7 exported database files into the Rocky 8 server's database.
1. Ensure that you have added the `sql_mode=` line to the `[server]` section of `/etc/my.cnf.d/mariadb-server.cnf` on the Rocky 8 server.
1. Restart the web server / database on the Rocky 8 server and confirm that everything is working as expected.
```
